Mom, I can't drink either.
Why did you drink two glasses?
You drink first.
I'm going out for a minute.
Then let's play.
Insurance is finally back.
I didn't die last time.
So this time it's your turn.
Practice makes perfect.
Getting you more and more hands-on.
God, open it up for me.
Aren't you very good at cutting?
This time I'll let you cut enough.
Well, don't worry.
The medicine will arrive later.
Someone's with you.
Director Shen, what's going on?
Isn't he the guy at the bar?
Why is he here?
He's a killer.
Kill.
Assassin
How is that possible?
How could such a beautiful girl be an assassin?
Then you have to ask Lieu Dai Trang.
You watch him.
If he dares to cut the rope
Beat to death.
Directly abandoning the public.